3 mysql dbs
  users:
    user id
    first name
    last name
    email
    password
    role - admin/user

  vacations:
    vacation id
    destination
    description
    starting date
    ending date
    price
    image in URL

  followers: 
    user id
    vacation id
  (which user is following which vacations) this will actually only be used for stats... 
  I don't think there is a need to JOIN table just for this

login for users n admin: an options to register below
  email and password
  validation:
  - all fields required
  - valid email string
  - min 4 chars password
  - something went wrong for invalid credentials
  - navigate to vacations page onFinish

register for users only:
  email, password, first name, last name
  validation:
    - all fields required
    - valid email string
    - no users with same email
    - password minimum 4 chars
    - onFinish navigate to vacations page
    - english abc only for first and last name

users interface:
  - can only be accessed by logged in users
    b. successful login will fetch user data ONLY! not the vacations! to split request:
    to avoid crashing all requests if one fails
    better security measures 
    b. the token would be created after a successful login
    a. vacations are fetched on page load if token is valid, and NOT in the successful login request
    c. invalid users that try to access this page with address will be redirected to login page
  - vacations are to be shown in cards each showing:
    a. vacation name
    b. vacation desc
    c. vacation starting ending taime
    d. price
    e. number of followers
    f. is the user following vacation
  - 10 cards per page with pagination
  - the user can follow/unfollow vacations and see how many followers are there
  - sort cards by asc. vacation starting date
  - filter checkboxes:
    a. only vacations the user is following
    b. only vacations that havent' begun yet
    c. only currently active vacations - those that have begun but not ended
  - show user name and logoug with 'are u sure pop up' besides it

  each action is to be accompanied with a validation token, if there's something wrong then output it and redirect to login page

admin interface:
  - can only be accessed by logged in admins:
    a. validate on page load with JWT token
    b. invalid users that try to access this page with address will be redirected to login page
  - vacations are to be shown in cards each showing:
    a. vacation name
    b. vacation desc
    c. vacation starting ending taime
    d. price
    e. delete
    f. edit
  - 10 cards per page with pagination
  - admin CANNOT follow/unfollow vacations neither see followers on cards
  - add a vacation button on top page redirect onClick to add-vacation page and show:
    a. destination
    b. description
    c. starting date
    d. ending date
    e. price
    f. cover image (nice interactive add image via file upload or url)
    g. add vacation button
    e. cancel and redirect back to /vacations page
    validation:
    a. all fields required
    b. only accessible to admin, redirect users trying to get here by address to login page
    c. price must be between 1-10k dollars
    d. cannot pick an ending date earlier than starting date
    e. cannot pick past dates
    f. images are to be saved as urls in database... the official request is to save them in a seperate table
      alongside the url but this is arduously unnecessary NOTE
  - edit vacation button on each vacation card - redirect (place those instead of the following button):
    a. contains the same fields as the add a vacation card
    b. only accessible to admin, redirect users trying to get here by address to login page
    c. all fields required BUT the image
    c. prices between  1-10k dollars
    d this time u can choose past events to 'renew' a past vacation
    e. u can't however pick an ending date earlier than starting date
  - delete vacation button on each vacation card - and 'are u sure?' pop up (place those instead of the following button)
  - stats page - redirect and show the following:
    a. inaccessible to unauthorized user, redirect to login on enter
    a. a diagram of vacations and the amount of followers for each x axis is vacations and y axis is followers
    b. export and csv file to be opened with excel should look like this:
      vacations, followers
      paris, 4
      montenegro, 3
      madrid, 14
      jerusalem, 8
  - show user name and logoug with 'are u sure pop up' besides it

  each action is to be accompanied with a validation token, if there's something wrong then output it and redirect to login page


also unit testing is required, better check it out

bonus:
  package it all in a docker-compose up command
  upload it to cloud NOTE

show followers
third filter for followers
export csv

styling!

then finally finally
GO OVER EVERYTHING MAKE SURE IT'S ALL THERE!
unit testing
cloud?
docker

- edit vacation button on each vacation card - redirect (place those instead of the following button):
    a. contains the same fields as the add a vacation card
    b. only accessible to admin, redirect users trying to get here by address to login page
    c. all fields required BUT the image
    c. prices between  1-10k dollars
    d. can't pick a starting date after the ending date
    e. CAN pick past dates - yes I know very odd!